[Doc] API Key deletion settings (#105392)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
Set to `false` to disable the built-in API key service. Defaults to `true`.

`xpack.security.authc.api_key.hashing.algorithm`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
Specifies the hashing algorithm that is used for securing API key credentials.
See <<password-hashing-algorithms>>. Defaults to `pbkdf2`.

> 

Author: moved below, for alphabetic ordering.

in-memory cached API key credentials. For possible values, see <<cache-hash-algo>>.
Defaults to `ssha256`.

[[api-key-service-settings-delete-retention-period]]
`xpack.security.authc.api_key.delete.retention_period`::
(<<dynamic-cluster-setting,Dynamic>>)
Invalidated or expired API keys older than the retention period are eligible for deletion.
Defaults to `7d`.

> Note that large real-time clock inaccuracies across the cluster nodes can cause problems
> with evaluating the API key retention period (in the likely case that the node performing
> the invalidation is different from the one performing the deletion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

--
NOTE:  The large real-time clock inaccuracies across the cluster nodes can cause problems
with evaluating the API key retention period (in the likely case that the node performing
the invalidation is different from the one performing the deletion).

--
```

Reviewer: nit: we can wrap this as a note.

`xpack.security.authc.api_key.delete.interval`::
(<<dynamic-cluster-setting,Dynamic>>, Expert)
Cluster nodes schedule the automatic deletion of invalidated or expired API keys
that are older than the retention period.
This setting controls the minimum time interval between two such deletion jobs.

> Defaults to `24h`.

Reviewer: I'm okay with documenting it is as is. Optionally, we could also add your explanation as a note.

> Defaults to `24h`.

Author: @gwbrown Any preference here? Should we keep this msg vague and professional looking, but not accurate, or should we document the janky timeout working? Or not document the timeout setting at all?

> Defaults to `24h`.

Reviewer 2: I think my opinion is to leave it documented, and add a note with the explanation. I understand the impulse not to - it is indeed very low level and might be confusing to customers - but we're also at a point where having knowledge like that silo'd into a few people on the ES team is a bit dangerous. At the very least I think we should do something vague like:

> This setting controls the time interval between two such deletion jobs. Note that this setting is approximate and deletion jobs may be triggered more often than this interval.

I could be convinced to remove this from the docs, but I'd want a good reason not to err on the side of writing everything down.

> Defaults to `24h`.

Author: Thanks for the feedback folks!
I'll go with keeping this documented, and added a NOTE that this controls the per-node deletion interval, not a per-cluster one. [48bc1c8](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/105392/commits/48bc1c85769f38a1ed86ea294b4de33e430b754b)

`xpack.security.authc.api_key.delete.timeout`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, Expert)

> Sets the timeout of the internal search and delete call.

Reviewer: I see your point and I don't have big preference to document it. I'll leave this decision to your discretion.

> Sets the timeout of the internal search and delete call.

Reviewer 2: Unless we have a good reason to not document it, I'm in favor of erring on the side of documenting it. As it stands this is the reference for everyone inside and outside of Elastic for Elasticsearch and I'd rather someone who's looking be able to find it than have to wake people up until we find someone who knows about this in an emergency.

> Sets the timeout of the internal search and delete call.

Author: Thanks for the feedback! Documenting it seems like the right choice!

in-memory cached API key credentials. For possible values, see <<cache-hash-algo>>.
Defaults to `ssha256`.

[[api-key-service-settings-delete-retention-period]]
`xpack.security.authc.api_key.delete.retention_period`::
(<<dynamic-cluster-setting,Dynamic>>)
Invalidated or expired API keys older than the retention period are eligible for deletion.
Defaults to `7d`.

--

> NOTE:  The large real-time clock inaccuracies across the cluster nodes can cause problems
> with evaluating the API key retention period (in the likely case that the node performing
> the invalidation is different from the one performing the deletion).

Reviewer 2: Nitpicky changes to the wording here:

```suggestion
NOTE:  Large real-time clock inconsistency across cluster nodes can cause problems
with evaluating the API key retention period. That is, if the clock on the node 
invalidating the API key is significantly different than the one performing the deletion,
the key may be retained for longer or shorter than the configured retention period.
```

I think that's a bit clearer? Writing this well is tricky.
